[EDU-5105] feat: add guide on how to list dbs (#1166)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/store-journey/sql/list-db.mdx

---
title: How to list Edge SQL databases
description: >-
  Learn how to list Edge SQL databases.
permalink: /documentation/products/store/sql/list-databases/
meta_tags: >-
  Edge sql, sql, database, CRUD, API
namespace: docs_store_journey_sql_list_databases
menu_namespace: storeMenu
---

This guide demonstrates how to use Azion **Edge SQL** to list the databases related to your account using the Azion API.

> ## Creating a database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Listing databases
```

> Run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/) and `name` with the desired database name to create a new database:

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following `GET` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/):
```
